coinfetch
=========

See [INSTALL](INSTALL) for installation instructions.

Using `coinfetch`
-----------------

coinfetch takes two arguments from the command line, and returns a conversion 
factor.

The arguments are the three-letter identifiers of various currencies.

Many (but not all) pairs of coins can be used.

Example: `$ coinfetch usd btc`

The above example will return the amount of Bitcoin that can currently be
bought with one United States dollar.

If the coins are reversed (e.g. `$ coinfetch btc usd`), the amount of United
States dollars that can currently be bought with one Bitcoin will be returned.

As of version 2.x, you may optionally add a third argument before the first
currency in order to multiply that amount.

Example: `$ coinfetch 1000 ltc usd`

The above example will return the value of 1000 LTC in USD.

As of version 4.x, you will be able to use `coinfetch` with many ticker APIs
with the `-a` option.

Example: `$ coinfetch -a bter usd doge`

The above example will be the same as calling `coinfetch usd doge` in version
2.x, which used the BTer API. The default API is BTC-E.

Note
----

Version 5.x is currently in development. This will change the program from a
static API/CLI to a plugin-based system with an API for external applications
as well as the familiar CLI. The advantage of this new design is to allow
hackers to add new APIs to Coinfetch without having to submit upstream
requests. Officially-supported ticker APIs will stay in this repository to keep
things easy for existing Coinfetch users.

BTer's ticker (as of this update) does not seem to be updating often enough to
have accurate data. Version 4.1.x adds the CryptoCoin Charts (ccc) API which
appears to have accurate data. This API is slightly more limited (it doesn't
have as many values, and the formatting does not follow the one used by BTer
and BTC-E; however, it does have support for Dogecoin which is favored by
Delwink. If you want a more accurate calculation for Dogecoin and other
altcoins, we recommend the ccc API.

Note that the ccc API is new to coinfetch and does not match the formula
expected by the original code. Expect some bugs when using it: the numbers
should be accurate, but it may error out where the other APIs do not. Please
report bugs to [Delwink's bug tracking system][2].

Licensing
---------

This script is [free software](http://gnu.org/philosophy/free-sw.html),
licensed under the terms of version 3 of the GNU Affero General Public
License. See [COPYING](COPYING) for more information.

[1]: mailto:contribute@delwink.com
[2]: http://bugs.delwink.com/index.php?project=4&do=index
